update Next.js pages guide by adding node version and compatibility flags (#8254)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

module.exports = nextConfig
```

> {{<Aside type="note">}}

Author: I've added this note, but I am tempted to just remove it and remove also the part in which we mention the global runtime setting, what do you think @deadlypants1973?

> The Vercel team (the creators of the Next.js framework) advices to set the runtime for each separate route instead of doing it globally, so that's what we advice as well.

Reviewer: Small typo 🙂 
```suggestion
The Vercel team (the creators of the Next.js framework) advises to set the runtime for each separate route instead of doing it globally, so that's what we advise as well.
```

A [binding](/pages/platform/functions/bindings/) allows your application to interact with Cloudflare developer products, such as [KV](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/how-kv-works/), [Durable Object](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/), [R2](/r2/), and [D1](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-d1/).

> To use bindings in your Next.js server side code (which includes [API Routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) and [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-server-side-props) function) access bindings set for your application by obtaining them in your code via `process.env`.

Author: I am checking this because  the API Routes and getServerSideProps are no longer the only ways to have server side code in Next
